Handle unhandledrejections in the dev server (#9424)
withastro/astro: .changeset/curvy-lobsters-crash.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Prevent dev server from crashing on unhandled rejections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevents dev server from crashing on unhandled rejections, and adds a helpful error message
```
